The dignity you lost.  My family really wont fight back
Please ask the changer to take off his pants
Especially destroy the front.  Plus Im wearing a mask
The throat of the family speaks, pay a this dog thing,
No one will come out
Who is this woman?
I am her attending physician.  Kindly remind,
Her disease, single, cant be cured
To enter the best treatment time,
Then her lower body, she will be gone
Your whole life, how come you speak so strangely?
Go out.  Yes
The process is not like the previous enough vacation
The process was horrible
So your quality treatment plan is
Smoke pretend holiday
Six years unlike Yu Tingwan
You other ability not find
Although s ability indeed long many certainly
After all I with Yu lifetime s relationship
Just tragic unbearable